---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pagers-v1alpha1_cluster_pager_list Data Source - pagers-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pagers-v1alpha1_cluster_pager_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterPagerSpec defines the desired state of ClusterPager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterPagerStatus defines the observed state of ClusterPager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The pager description
- `routing_key_secret` (String) A reference to the Secret holding the Pager Duty routing key to use when raising events from this pager.
The routing key must be base64 encoded and set under data.key.
The secret reference follows the format `$namespace/$secretName`, if the namespace is omitted, the pager namespace is used.
- `sources` (Attributes) Set the Pager sources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources`

Optional:

- `alarms` (Attributes) Include alarm sources in this pager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--alarms))
- `query` (Attributes) Include a query source in this pager (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.alarms`

Optional:

- `auto_resolve` (Boolean) If true this app will automatically change the event status from triggered to resolved when the alarm is cleared.
- `exclude` (List of String) A list of alarms that this Pager will ignore, matching the 'type' field within alarms.
If a source matches both the 'includes' and 'excludes' lists, it will be excluded.
For example, 'InterfaceMemberDown'.
- `include` (List of String) A list of alarms that this Pager will listen to, matching the 'type' field within alarms.
For example, 'InterfaceDown'.
- `namespaces` (List of String) Namespaces to consider when selecting alarms for this Pager.
Alarms from these namespaces will be either included or excluded based on the other filters.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.query`

Optional:

- `auto_resolve` (Boolean) If true this app will automatically change the event status from triggered to resolved when the object is deleted.
- `class` (String) A template to use as class when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
- `component` (String) A template to use as component when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
- `fields` (List of String) Fields to include in the subscribe results, which can then be used in the template,
e.g. '.node.name' or '.node.srl.interface.name"'.
- `group` (String) A template to use as group when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
- `include_details` (Boolean) If true the query response is included in the generated event 'custom_details' field
- `severity` (String) A template to use as severity when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
Must be one of critical , error , warning  or info.
- `source` (String) A template to use as source when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
- `summary` (String) A template to use as summary when sending the event to Pager Duty.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
e.g. 'Interface {{.node.srl.interface.name}} is down on node {{.node.name}}'.
- `table` (String) EDB table to subscribe to. e.g. '.namespace.node.srl.interface'
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the subscribe request, e.g: 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.




<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
